I will try to explain this project as easily as possible with people with no background on computer engineering and/or AI, 
so there will be no mathematical explanations, not a single formula, since there is a lot of material for that available everywhere,
I want to explain this project conceptually, since, in my opinion, it's how you can grasp attention better, showing a cool thing,
then explaining it conceptually as simply as possible and, if the reader is cautivated, then they can continue learning.
This model is trained using Deep Reinforcement Learning (DRL) algorithm. Deep learning is a combination of neural networks (NN) with 
an algorithm of any other type, hence, DRL combines the power of RL with NN. RL fundamentals are quite easy to understand,
since its just about punishing or rewarding the AI program for the actions it does. Then, it keeps track of what it has done so 
that it can go back on its actions and try new ones with hopefully will give higher rewards, mimicing the learning of little children.
Neural networks are far more  complicated conceptually, since their conceptual difficulty comes, not from the operations they make,
the more complex ones are derivates, but from the training process they do. SKIP FOR NOW, FIND A WAY TO EXPLAIN THEM.
The problem is to a NN what a videogame for a graphic card. The more powerful the card is (that is, the more operations it is
able to do per second) the more fps and quality it you can set for the game. The same for the problem, the more complex it is
(that is, the more variables it possesses and the more action it can do) the more power (depth and/or neurons) the NN requires.
Here is a good tip I've realized on my own, although it surely is on textbooks, add more depth for more variables, add more neurons
if the variables are really complex. But one has to be careful, since putting a NN too powerful for a simple (small) problem leads
to overfitting, in which the NN learns a relatively good solution at the beginning and since the problem is not too big it keeps 
with it, not realizing there is a better combination of operations. You can think of it as a smart and lazy student, they pass with
no good marks because they study only a little (for this comparison, imagine a History exam of 10 topics and the student only 
studies 6 because he did not consider studying the other four).